//hello namsate react

notes - 13

for small and mid level application redux is not necessory.

react and redux anre two different libraries.
zustand library is also used for state manegement.

to installl redux we need to install two libraries
1.react-redux
2.redux tool kit --it is standard way of writting redux.

Redux store is whole big object and is is kept at central place so that any component can access data from it.

slices - it is logical separation inside store to keep data neatly.

steps to configre redux tool kit
1. install react-redux nad redux tool kit
2.build store -- it is generall created inside constant/utils folder
3.



while subscribing to redux store (useselector) subscribe to right portion of redux store otherwise it create big performnce loss.





14 testing

testing have 3 types 
1 . unit testing - we test single component at a time


2 . intrgration testing- we test multiple components at a time.

3 . end to end testing - here we test all the flow from start to end.
 for this types of testing require cypress , celenium, puppet 


react develoepr is responsible for only 2 types of testing unit and integrating testing.



setting of testing in our application
1 installed react reat testing library
2 installed jest
3 installed babel 
configure babel
configure babel congifg









React fiber - It is advanced version of recounciliation. It helps to efficintly updates the User interface. For that it allows react to break rendering cycle into smaller units , and also allows to prioritze tasks.

Virtual DOM - It is light weight copy of real dom. React uses virtual dom to efficiently updates user Interface.


concurrent rendering - It is technique which allows react to work multiple tasks at the same time so App becomes faster.

useMemo and UseCallback - these two hooks are used to improve performance of application.
 UseMemo  - this hook memoises value and UseCallback memoises functions.

 Performance optimization strategies in react - 
 1  useMemo and usecallback
 2 by lazy loading
 3 using keys in list - It helps react to uniquely identify item.
 4 throttling and debouncing


 contect API(pros and corn)

pros - 
1 it is better for global state sharing
2 provided by react itself so no need to instal external library

corns - 
1 Overuse Can Make Code Harder to Maintain
2 Not ideal for large applications

hydration in ssr - 
Hydration is the process in which browser takes the HTML generated by the server and makes it interactive by connecting React’s JavaScript to it.

higher order components - the ccomponent accepts other component as input and return new enhanced component as output. 


controlled and uncontrolled components - 
If input field is handled with help of state then it is controlled component.
If input field is not handled with help of state then it is uncontrolled component.

Portals and strictMode - 
Portals Provide a way to render child component outside its parent component hierarchy.
StrictMode - Ut helps to identify problems in our react code.


Native events - these are the events provided by browser.
Synthetic events - these are the events provided by react.

dangerouslySetInnerHTML - This property allows us to set raw HTML directly inside component.


